One more information about the links you set up here to slash to slash new post the way you write your
links here.
Doesn't the fact whether it's an absolute or relative path.
Now what does absolute and relative mean anyways.
An absolute payoff is always a pendant to your domain.
So if you're serving this app from example dot com then you want to go to New post.
If you navigate to slash new post that simply means always attach slash new post right after the domain.
Even if you previously were an example that composts you wouldn't add new post at the end of that Tournay
get it to post new post but turning it into exampled a new post and omitting posts.
Is what an absolute paff does.
Now when setting up two you can't control whether it's an absolute or relative POV.
It's always treated as an absolute POV so no matter if it's slash new post or just new posts.
It's an absolute POV and will always be appended to your root domain.
Now what if you wanted to turn this into a relative part though.
So if you wanted to make sure that if you are on your domain slash posts you actually go to your domain
slash posts slash new posts so you append this to the end of the current path.
Then you actually need to build this path dynamically by taking into advantage that you know at which
POF you are currently on.
Remember that you have access to this props match.
We inspected this in the console the match object has d u r l object which is the currently loaded Hauf
in the end.
Now you can Shane slash new post to disk you can build a dynamic path like this.
Now it's a relative one because it takes the page you're currently on.
The payoff you're currently on and append stays at the end and all of a sudden you built a relative
path.
So if you ever want to build a link which simply appends the path to the end of the current path.
Use this approach.
Oberweis this always generates an absolute path.
There is no better or worse here.
It really depends on which behavior you want added to the root domain or appended to the current path.
I wanted to make you aware how to achieve both.